JIRA-OSDOCS3322: Updated the steps for cluster upgrades per the UI changes (#44907)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-upgrading-automatic-ocm.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-scheduling-upgrade_{context}"]
= Scheduling recurring upgrades for your cluster

> You can schedule recurring, automatic upgrades for your {product-title} cluster on a weekly basis through the {cluster-manager} console.

Reviewer: Maybe I am being too particular. But this sentence can read that on a weekly basis, you can schedule upgrades. Will the sentence still make sense without _on a weekly basis_?

Author: It can. Made the change.

.Procedure

. Log in to {cluster-manager-url}.
. Select a cluster to upgrade.
. Click the *Settings* tab.

> . In the *Update strategy* pane, select *Recurring updates*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Update strategy* panel, select *Recurring updates*.
```

Author: Throughout the docs and looking at the UI, the UI reference is 'pane'. Here's the guideline in the IBM style guide:
- A pane is a framed section of a window that provides different views of the same document or independent but related information.
- A panel sits flush to either the left or right side. Left panels are used for a product's navigation. Right panels are used for additional system-level actions and are sometimes used for general tasks. 
Not making any change here, unless you think otherwise.

Reviewer 2: TIL, thanks for explanation.

. Select a preferred day of the week and start time for the upgrade, when updates are available.

> . Provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*. The {cluster-manager} does not start scheduled updates without receiving an administrator's acknowledgment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*. {cluster-manager} does not start minor version (y-stream) scheduled updates without receiving an administrator's acknowledgment.
```

Author: Updated

> . Provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*. {cluster-manager} does not start scheduled y-stream updates for minor versions without receiving an administrator’s acknowledgment.

Reviewer: Is there a difference between _upgrade_ and _update_?
start time for the _upgrade_
when _updates_ are available
scheduled y-stream _updates_

Author: This requires a larger conversation with the PM team and the decision will impact more topics than the ones touched on in this PR. I'll create a separate PR to track the update vs upgrade term change, but meanwhile, this PR needs to be merged. Thank you.
